Add documentation for using PLS with Neovim (#49)
FractalBoy/perl-language-server: README.md

## Installation

Install the PLS package from CPAN: https://metacpan.org/pod/PLS

## Setup

### VSCode

Install the fractalboy.pls extension in Visual Studio Code: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=FractalBoy.pls

### Neovim

> This assumes Neovim 0.5.0 or greater and that you have [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assumes Neovim 0.5.0 or greater.

Install [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig).
```
